---
page_title: "Provider: Morpheus"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Terraform provider for configuring Morpheus.
---

# Morpheus Provider

!> **Deprecation Notice:**<br>
The Morpheus provider is officially deprecated and will reach End-of-Life (EOL) **August 1st 2026**.<br><br>
To provide a more robust and feature-rich experience, we are transitioning all development from this community
supported provider to the new officially supported HPE provider.<br><br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- **Maintenance Policy**: We will continue to review new Issues and Pull Requests for the<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; legacy Morpheus provider during this transition. However, please note that all new<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; features and significant improvements will be implemented exclusively in HPE. Changes<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; will not be backported.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- **Feature Parity**: As of V1.0.0 the HPE provider achieved full feature parity with the<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Morpheus provider, ensuring a smooth transition for your infrastructure.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- **Migration Path**: We strongly encourage all users to begin migrating. Please refer to<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; our Migration Guide for step-by-step instructions.

The Morpheus provider is used to interact with the resources supported by [Morpheus Cloud Management Platform (CMP)](https://morpheusdata.com/). The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.

Use the navigation to the left to read about the available resources.

!> Previous versions of this provider had Morpheus SSL cert checking disabled with no
option to enable it. We've added the option to enable SSL cert checking by
setting the `secure` argument to `true` or by setting the `MORPHEUS_API_SECURE` environment
variable to `true`. The default value is `false` to maintain backwards compatibility.
We recommend enabling SSL cert checking in production environments.  A warning message will
be displayed if SSL cert checking is disabled.

## Authentication

The Morpheus provider supports a number of different methods for authenticating to Morpheus:

* [Static credentials](guides/auth.md#static-credentials)
* [Environment variables](guides/auth.md#environment-variables)

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    morpheus = {
      source  = "gomorpheus/morpheus"
      version = "0.12.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "morpheus" {
  url      = var.morpheus_url
  username = var.morpheus_username
  password = var.morpheus_password
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `url` (String) The URL of the Morpheus Data Appliance where requests will be directed.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) Access Token of Morpheus user. This can be used instead of authenticating with Username and Password.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of Morpheus user for authentication
- `secure` (Boolean) Allow the provider to enable certificate verification. If omitted, default value is "false".
- `tenant_subdomain` (String) The tenant subdomain used for authentication
- `username` (String) Username of Morpheus user for authentication