---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "morpheus_provisioning_setting Resource - terraform-provider-morpheus"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Morpheus provisioning setting resource.
---

# morpheus_provisioning_setting (Resource)

Provides a Morpheus provisioning setting resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "morpheus_provisioning_setting" "tf_example_provisioning_setting" {
  allow_zone_selection         = false
  allow_host_selection         = false
  require_environments         = false
  show_pricing                 = true
  hide_datastore_stats         = true
  cross_tenant_naming_policies = false
  cloudinit_username           = "cloudinit"
  cloudinit_password           = "Pa55w0rd!"
  windows_password             = "Pa55w0rd!"
  pxe_root_password            = "Pa55w0rd!"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allow_host_selection` (Boolean) Displays or hides Host Selection dropdown in Provisioning wizard.
- `allow_zone_selection` (Boolean) Displays or hides Cloud Selection dropdown in Provisioning wizard.
- `cloudinit_password` (String, Sensitive) Password to be set for the Cloud-Init Linux user.
- `cloudinit_username` (String) User to be added to Linux Instances during provisioning.
- `cross_tenant_naming_policies` (Boolean) Enable for the sequence value in naming policies to apply across tenants.
- `hide_datastore_stats` (Boolean) Hides Datastore utilization and size stats in provisioning and app wizards.
- `pxe_root_password` (String, Sensitive) Password to be set for Root during PXE Boots.
- `require_environments` (Boolean) Forces users to select and Environment during provisioning
- `reuse_sequence` (Boolean) When enabled, sequence numbers can be reused when Instances are removed. Deselect this option and Morpheus will track issued sequence numbers and use the next available number each time.
- `show_console_keyboard_settings` (Boolean)
- `show_pricing` (Boolean) Displays or hides Pricing in Provisioning wizard and Instance and Host detail pages.
- `windows_password` (String, Sensitive) Password to be set for the Windows Administrator User during provisioning.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the provisioning settings

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import morpheus_provisioning_setting.tf_example_provisioning_config 1
```
